[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Have you ever wondered
how human you might be?
Has it ever crossed
your mind that you
have a very small
percentage of Humanness?
Humanness is defined as
Homo sapiens sapiens,
which is our form.
But it is also a
holographic field form.
So our physical body is a place
holder of humanness, parasites,
and symbiotic interactions.
Which begs the question,
how human are you really,
if other life forms make
up part of your existence
in this physical body?
This is the totality of the
human physical existence.
In this episode, I
will explain and define
what it means to be
human in physical form.
And how much of your existence
in physical form is not human.
I will also define
what is transhuman.
And how that correlates
to your humanness
and the symbiotic nature
of the physical universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When someone says the word
symbiotic, what does that mean?
It means we are participatory.
The human body is
symbiotic with life force.
The human body does
not create life force.
It connects with it in different
ways and different degrees.
The life force is
the primary force
in the universe for
all forms of life.
But the life force itself
is independent of all forms
of life.
Your human body is made up
of fungus, yeast, bacteria,
cellular creatures.
A human body is a host for other
life in the universe that needs
to exist in the human form.
These lifeforms that inhabit
your body have consciousness
and life force, also.
For example, how does a cancer
exist in the human body?
It draws energy from the host--
you.
But it also draws life
force unto itself.
Cancer and all
other diseases exist
by virtue of this connection.
Cancer and illnesses are
deviations from a normal course
of existence.
When it deviates, it
has been influenced
by either, number one reality,
the physical reality we
exist in.
Or zero reality, the
mental, non-physical reality
that we participate in.
Number one reality,
physical reality
would be environmental--
toxins, radiation, et cetera.
Our zero reality,
non-physical reality
are thoughts,
relationships, et cetera.
And all this is going on
inside the human form,
which is not static.
In other words, we are
in a constant frenzy
of cellular activity, which
is interactive at all times.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
At any given moment,
we are in a progression
of hierarchical processes.
Number one in this process
is you need to breathe.
This is primary
to consciousness.
To have consciousness
itself, breath is necessary.
Number two, you need water.
And number three, you need food.
These are primary to
the hierarchical needs
of the body's existence.
From these needs, we have
pranayama, hydration,
and nutrition emerging
as disciplines.
This isn't something you
consciously think about.
Because our human
form is specifically
generated for experiential
knowledge outside ourselves,
not inside.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Our life form supports
other forms of life
that have become integrated over
time to support life itself.
If we got rid of all of
our bacteria, we would die.
Because we are
symbiotic with them,
and we can't live without them.
We start life as a zygote,
and become a symbiote.
When you say I am
human, now we need
to define how
human you are given
the amount of parasitic
forms and bacteria
populations in your body.
This is where it
gets interesting.
Because this is where
we find out that
the parasites have independent
consciousness from you.
And in sufficient amounts that
can influence human behavior.
For example, do you crave sugar?
Or does the yeast in
your body crave sugar?
Cancer cells-- as an example--
apparently crave sugar.
Or they may not crave sugar.
They may be under the
influence of a concentrated
consciousness, such as
yeast, viruses, bacteria,
or parasites.
All the above have been
identified by Western medicine
as contributors or sources
of disease and illness.
One of these symbiotes might
have a stronger life force
that at some point
is able to influence
other cellular activities
and functions in the body
to get what they need through
their conscious existence.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There was a research
pathologist in the last 30 years
that did a study.
He had over 4,000 specimens in
jars taken from human bodies.
They were things such as
worms and other lifeforms.
That when asked what they
were, he said we have no clue.
They have not been
identified by science yet.
This is an example
of some of the things
that could be living inside
you that modern science can't
actually define or detect.
The limits of science to detect
this information or creature,
does not mean they do not
exist or are not detectable.
It is possible to have people
trained in energetic medicine
to detect its consciousness
in your energetic field.
Parasites that you
come in contact with
can influence your
cellular well-being,
and mess with your
consciousness and its choices.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There was a study done about
cancer at the American Cancer
Society.
And it stated, about
42% of cancer cases
and 45% of cancer deaths
in the United States
are linked to
modifiable risk factors.
And thus, could be preventable.
The researchers came
up with the estimates
by calculating how much certain
lifestyle factors contributed
to 26 different cancer types
among adults ages 30 and older.
Some of these risk
factors included
cigarette smoking, excess
body weight, drinking alcohol.
Eating red and processed meat.
Diets low in fruits, vegetables.
Dietary fiber, dietary
calcium, physical activity,
and many others.
What it doesn't do is account
for the subjective nature
and individuality of humanity.
What does this mean?
Cigarette smoking--
for instance--
it reduces oxygen,
and increases CO2.
Parasites that are of a plant
nature, such as yeast, that
thrive in a positive
CO2 environment
would benefit from this
artificially created state.
The yeast would require
this environment for growth.
Now, we all have yeast
and balance in our bodies.
However, either you have
acquired an outside yeast
or you have promoted its
growth beyond status.
The yeast can grow by
various forms of sugar, CO2,
and certain trace
mineralization.
If the conscious of
the yeast requires
growth and your form of
feeding it would be smoking,
then it would promote the
formation of a habit for it
to grow.
Thus, it would take
over your consciousness,
and drive your choices.
Now that I have
picked up smoking,
the yeast has influenced
my synaptic responses.
Now I have an addiction
to feeding my yeast.
The nicotine has now
induced and altered
my neurological environment.
And may result in excess
intake of that drug, alcohol,
or other substances.
Your need for
these certain items
was created because a living
creature inside of you
is influencing your decision
making for its own survival.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's take a diet low in
fruits and vegetables.
Low dietary calcium, low fiber--
this means that we
are predisposing
ourselves to potentially support
cancer and other diseases.
But take the Eskimos in Alaska--
vegetable and fruits are
in short supply there.
However, their blood
work comes back normal.
Why is that?
Because a human being has
the ability to pull anything
they need to survive from the
field itself to some degree.
How do they acquire
and drive life force
without proper nutrition?
They are able to
pull things they
need into their physical form.
They are not under a
collective consciousness
that requires them to eat fruits
and vegetables to survive.
Which means they
do not fall victim
to the symbiotic
nature of their bodies
because they don't subscribe
to the collective consciousness
that prevails.
And is represented
by proximate reality.
For instance, if we
go back to smoking--
another patient
might be conditioned
in their social
circles to not smoke.
And therefore, they would not
create an environment high
in CO2.
But the person might
love to eat donuts.
And that kind of behavior
is conditioned as OK.
We have free will.
And our free will
is our consciousness
acting within the field.
When we exercise
our free will, we
are acting freely of our
symbiotic relationships,
to some degree, with a
bacteria, parasite, fungus, et
cetera that are
part of our being.
Everybody has cancer
cells, but the use
of nutrition,
supplements, and medicine
allows us to keep up
with the cancer cells.
And does not allow
them to proliferate.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How do we know the symbiotes
are influencing our behavior?
Do you ever feel
off, sick, or sad?
These are influences
on your behavior.
This is where you need
to be participatory
with your own body.
You can't separate yourself
from your symbiotic nature.
But you can explore your
body and its functions
through strengthening
your awareness of what
is happening inside.
You can do this through
meditation, visualization,
and seriously happy thoughts.
This means practicing
joy, for example.
Joyfulness as a level
of consciousness
overrides a lot of illness.
If you understand that there's
only a certain percentage
of you that is of humanness
and the rest is symbiotic,
then you can increase
conscious interactions
with your own body.
You can become aware of certain
thoughts, certain cravings,
and certain needs that
may not be your own.
But actually, may belong to
another living consciousness
creature influencing
you for its survival.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's take the definition
of transhumanism--
the belief or theory
that the human race
can evolve beyond its
current physical and mental
limitations, especially by
means of science and technology.
Having and comprehending
advanced technology,
but not having the
experience to deal
with the totality of reality
means that technology may not
be able to help
change or actually
contribute to the future of
humanity and its evolution.
Technology has created
many replacement parts
for the human body.
When we have replacement
parts in our bodies,
these parts and new AI
technology additions
can create a
consciousness of its own.
It would be a technology-based
consciousness.
Biological consciousness
runs off of bioelectricity.
And has different signature
than the mechanical technology
of consciousness.
Tech runs on a
different energy--
for example, an
artificial heart.
While they mimic
the functions, they
do not cover the
full spectrum of what
a natural heart is and does.
And this is the
fallacy of technology.
Think of the artificial
heart experiencing love.
It doesn't have that function.
It would be inexpressible to
influence the system the way
a real one would.
Just like the parasites,
bacteria, et cetera,
these artificial pieces
disrupt the natural energy flow
in the body.
The technology seems to apply
mostly to the physical form.
Because technology doesn't
apply to the experiential nature
of what it means
to be human itself.
Humanity with its
collective consciousness
and human beings with their
individual consciousness
are not technologically-based.
Even if we take all the science
and produce a human form,
we still have not produced human
consciousness to inhabit it.
Transhumanism through
technological means
wants to extend human life.
I have not found in
the last 40 years,
working with thousands of people
that over time, human evolution
increases in its
present physical form.
Each individual does not
evolve in a physical form.
We have it in front of us--
your physical body deteriorates.
We have done nothing
to expand and evolve
the consciousness that would
show up as an enlightenment,
as a form of transcendence,
as a form of ascension.
Something that would
show evolutionary support
for all of humanity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Consciousness is not homogeneous
throughout the human body.
In fact, throughout
human history,
there have been many attempts
to attribute or allocate
different aspects
of our consciousness
to different parts of our body.
So we use chakras as an example.
The heart chakra as something
that expresses love.
At the same time, the
heart experiences grief.
Grief is the reversal of love.
It is what causes us to fold in
on ourselves when we experience
the loss of a person, or a pet,
or something important to us.
And then we go to
the lower back,
the sacral area of the body.
If you have a lot
of anger, we would
say, oh do you have any
pain in your lower back?
All of these are attempts
to find consciousness
in the human body.
We attribute the shoulders
with taking on burdens.
Carrying the weight of
other person's expectations.
So we have all our
emotions that we can assign
to different parts of the body.
It's why we say consciousness
is not homogeneous.
We assign different importance
to various organs, then
functions, then
parts of the body.
And in doing so,
what we're doing
is facilitating
the flow of energy
from our unconscious
mind into our brain.
And therefore, into our body.
And the reverse of it is
to experience life itself.
It's why life is experiential.
It's experiential
with a physical form.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Bioelectricity in
the human body--
the life force itself is
the biological expression
of energy transformation
in the human body.
It's why we can't plug
ourselves into 120-volt outlet
in the wall.
That electron flow that's
signature of that energy flow
is not life-supporting.
It's my understanding
that the human life
force itself is not
only transcendent,
but permeates the
entire universe.
Look at the extension of how
many different forms of life
exist just on this planet.
The idea that life force
permeates the entire universe
gives credence to the
idea that there has
to be life on other planets.
There has to be life everywhere
that there is physical matter.
Because physical matter also
employs and uses life force.
The planet has its life force.
The rocks have their life force.
This is discernible.
But only for people
who have taken the time
to try to understand it.
Make contact with it.
And in some ways, become
interactive with it.
These are our elders
in Native Americans.
These are our shamans.
These are people who have
evolved their consciousness
to the point that they
can be interactive.
Not just with another
human, but to actually
be interactive with all of
life, whether it's plant,
or animal, or mineral.
They all have life
force being expressed
by virtue of their
existence, just like you.
Now that I've been
able to show you
what makes you
human and unhuman,
you have the tools to
know what part of you
is influencing your
conscious feel.
Stay tuned for the
next episode, where
we dive into what creation is.
And how you can
become a creator.
[MUSIC PLAYING]